# Questions
[1] What is the purpose of the “Hello, World!” program?
[2] Name the four parts of a function.
[3] Name a function that must appear in every C++ program.
[4] In the “Hello, World!” program, what is the purpose of the line return
0;?
[5] What is the purpose of the compiler?
[6] What is the purpose of the import statement?
[7] What is the purpose of the #include directive?
[8] What does a .cpp suffix at the end of a file name signify in C++?
[9] What does the linker do for your program?
[10] What is the difference between a source file and an object file?
[11] What is an executable?
[12] What is an IDE and what does it do for you?
[13] How do you get a compiled program to run?
---
### Answers
1. To demonstrate the most simple syntax of a programming language.
2. The four parts are its return type, its name, a parameter list, and the function body.
3. The 'main' function must appear in every C++ program.
4. The purpose of 'return 0;' is it is the return of the main() function -- it returns 0 if the program is succesfully executed. It would return -1 or 1 if an error occurred.
5. The compiler takes source code and translate it into object code that is understandable by the computer and compiles the object code into an executable function.
6. The import statement (when it becomes supported...) is to replace "#include" in including a module to extend the programming language. So instead of #include <iostream> the new standard will become import std.
7. It includes a library/module for the compiler to understand specific types of declarations (such as cout).
8. It signifies that a file is C++ source code.
9. The linker *links* my source code with other source code (included with 'import' or 'include') to create the object code / executable file. So when compiling 'hello world' it will link my source code with the source code of 'std' to be able to translate 'cout' into object code and thereafter compile it into an executable file.
10. A source file has the source code of a program and the object file is the intermediate step between code and executable that the compiler creates. An object file is non-human readable.
11. An executable is the binary file that a system runs.
12. An IDE is an environment to code in. It helps by highlighting syntax, linking the debugger/compiler/terminal, and making it easier to configure programming tools in the same space.
13. In the terminal you'd compile the code and then run it...